OK so we got to comment.
A comment is text that we put in our code to improve its readability and maintainability in C-sharp
we have two ways to write comments.
If a comment is only a single line you can prefix a comment with double slash.
But if your comment is longer and it's multiple lines you need to started with Slash start and then
finish it with Star slash.
This type of comment is more like the comments we used to write in C and C++ code.
These days it's more conventional to write either a single line or multi-line comments prefixing word
double slash.
So in this example we can rewrite this multiline comment with double slash style like this.
Now as a rule of thumb keep your comments to minimum use comments only when required and that's when
explaining whys hows constraint and things like that do not explain what the code is doing.
Your code should be so clean and straightforward that it doesn't need comment.
If a comment explains just what the code is doing is redundant and a problem with redundant comments
is we changed the code.
But not everyone is very consistent in changing the comments.
So after a while these comments become outdated and because they don't get compiled like the code there
is no way to validate them.
And after a while they become useless.
So again keep them to a minimum and explain why's hows and constraints that you had at the time you
wrote the code.
So the next person who is reading your code knows the reason why you wrote the code.
That's way